[Music]
hey good parents doing it crazy it's a
beautiful day I'm feeling fantastic I'm
feeling good
how were you I officially in Palm
Springs California I'm here spray paint
elaborate on its work a bunch of
youtubers get together and have an event
workshop and just show up on this nice
beautiful resort it's crazy because it
is a event with actually like no fans so
it's just creators and there's a lot of
stuff going on here today those could be
some fun going on later that involves
trampoline this place is something out
it's very beautiful that is where we're
seeing I just got done with the most
lovely panel discussion it was basically
growing up on YouTube through there was
these kids from the age 10 to 18 that
were discussing all of these serious
YouTube things like YouTube strategy
YouTube algorithm and just YouTube this
editing and filming and scripted content
and writing things and these are all
kids that have their own YouTube
channels from like 200,000 subscribers
to like 1.5 million kids that have
YouTube channels with their parents I
was I was inspired by these individuals
because wow what was I doing with my
life when I was 12 years old
I don't know John got me a gift I did
this is Frank why did you get me Frank
um the real reason yeah this is our
child Sarah came at me saying that she
wanted to foster cats for a little bit
she's like yeah I think I feel having
for like three or four days and then
just kind of giving better the foster
look at three
for wheat okay three or four weeks ago
I've even crazier and I'll be alright
how we have a little pet together for
three days and little Frank here is
going to show or how sad she's gonna be
when we leave him her what it was this
thing is here you'll see so if you all
so we have to leave Frank when we leave
pumps exactly yeah we happily Frank and
that's you teaching me a lesson is yeah
we got to enjoy Frank for the moment
enjoy the moment here okay I wonder if I
remember how to properly skate with a
board that doesn't have an electric
motor on the bottom another point to be
had skating did not start with the New
York City crew the boosted board thing
with John I've been like cruising since
middle school ever since it was cool
with like the group of dudes like the
cool dudes in eighth grade all longboard
hey I was like I want to hang with him
be cool to cool kids and so I literally
got this probably how long ago was that
so I got on my first board probably
eight years ago and I went to the park
behind my house and I it was very
embarrassing but I just went there alone
and for days just kept trying to push
the hardest part about skateboarding I
think is literally first of all starting
out as a plastic board with no grip or
anything these boards are the worst and
when it comes to actually doing this
motion pushing the scariest thing ever
in the beginning but everything changed
for me when I realized that this board
isn't going anywhere it's not going
anywhere so just trust that it's beneath
your feet look up and just push you know
so the person who actually skateboards
for a living what is your advice to
someone who wants to learn how to
skateboard and scared
was there one piece of advice that
changed everything
did that practice Trump's all nowadays
you can watch tutorials on YouTube and
know how to do everything so I would
watch the Toros first and then go about
learning things the proper way you won't
do it it's so hard for me you won't do
it I don't quite understand so you just
try you do there's like a million tricks
you do right variation he's so focused
right now wow I'm impressed
okay I'm sure kendama I forgot to yell
because you gotta be kidding me I'm
gonna head out just the ridiculous
[Music]
Hey
John has set forth an obstacle that
might be impossible no no man with these
wheels can be very difficult I put on
these really weird wheels and now I want
to do this yeah it's like this is
difficult with a normal board but you
just took it up a level and you were
like guys I don't play I don't like to
play games bro I'm going you wow yeah
hey my guess but what's up I believe in
you how much I first ran for you oh my
gosh she oh my gosh oh my gosh I hit
like all of it oh my gosh as of today
hasn't been so turned already walking
down a dark hallway hope you don't mind
us and tells us in immersion well here
is what
yeah yeah of amazing that was amazing
all right so that was slightly
terrifying glad I got that on film we
were just walking down the hallway and
Iran decided Spheeris we did it good
Elvis he did a good old egg on job what
I was saying was we're doing something
super exciting right now let us go into
a trampoline park and not just going to
a trampoline park with the homies but we
got an extra homie today it's the del
Decker hey guys welcome to the Palm
Springs we're about to get turned
9 click me here's the thing I am really
determined to get a backless I have
mastered the front flip I'm going to
master the fax let me do it like there's
kind of no middle ground there's kind of
that's ok I'm gonna go for it
No holy crap Jared GG back foot 180 dude
like are you serious
he doesn't know being instead of doing
the four hardest thing I'm not gonna lie
like that was really impressive if you
get over that way quicker than I did
yeah you just hit it dude
hop with us Gary you get it yeah well
you just did it okay oh yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah this is awesome
yeah I tap it after this we did it we're
doing over the yellow jump to more like
[Applause]
place my hand bro oh that was so good
good honestly I cannot describe to you
the feeling when I landed that backflip
so I have never even attempted to do
backflips before so the fact that I was
able to conquer that it took me about an
hour literally an hour shoutouts and
John and Dale who cheered me on
you're all so hard right now I am back
look at look at this sweat we're going
so hard on you're honestly putting your
mind is something that's like in the
physical realm yeah and then just
conquer it today I didn't get a video up
and I was so bummed but just like
putting your mind to something even if
it's not like video or whatever and just
saying I'm going to do this that was
such a huge deal Universal see like
everyone wants to go back with new
learning today I can't blame it's insane
yeah takes so long much water than you
build it
okay let's end the night with a sour
patch kids through from across the room
oh my you're back throw it dot throw all
right here we go
the only really did it right you guys it
was so fun to not only hang with John
but the Dale Decker oh my goodness both
of their links will be in the
description below guys today I
accomplished something great I decided I
wanted to do a back flip and I did a
back flip so follow your dreams kids
whatever you liked this video hit that
subscribe button down below if you have
not yet you can join the peachy fam I
want you here I do I do peachy fan for
life
okay stay peachy okay BAE
[Music]